Each industry may be healthcare, insurance, construction,
entertainment, they use their own unique set of KPIs.
In this course, we will not be going over industry-specific KPIs,
instead we'll be focusing on most commonly used KPIs by business analysts.
This will by no means be representative of
all the KPIs you might use in your industries, but that's okay.
If you are in a specific industry,
you can spend some time to learn about KPIs in a specific domain.
For the next quiz,
I'd like you to visit this page and identify the KPIs used for specific industries.
To arrive at this,
follow the link in the text item below,
I'll go there write down.
Go kpidashboards.com, you can go to the LEARN link,
scroll down where it says KPI examples
and you can see any of the examples within each industry.
They are sorted By Department on
the left side and then By Industry. Good luck with the quiz.